Update delete-vault.md (#123285)
Azure/azure-content: articles/site-recovery/delete-vault.md

Before you can delete a vault you must remove registered servers, and items in the vault. What you need to remove depends on the replication scenarios you've deployed. 

> [!NOTE]  

> > Before deleting a Backup protection policy from a vault, you must ensure that
> > - the policy doesn't not have any associated Backup items
> > - each associated item is associated with some other policy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Before you delete a Backup protection policy from a vault, you must ensure that
> - the policy doesn't have any associated Backup items.
> - each associated item is associated with some other policy.
```
